production company spring
represents polystyrene concrete products from
him
polystyrene concrete is effective
building insulation material
which refers to particularly lightweight concrete
polystyrene concrete is known in our market
not less than 25 years she is western more than 60
years old
invention made by both companies since 1951
year polystyrene concrete
material that combines great
construction properties and properties
insulation based on polystyrene concrete
polystyrene foam lies
which will provide high performance
keeping warm and not afraid of water and steam
polystyrene concrete steam and
air permeability and chen and possess
lowered
sorption humidity polystyrene concrete
fireproof has a hand of combustibility
we eat almost no orici stuff not
keeps burning
no smoke formation drops
due to high rates of
frost resistance permeability
chemical biological resistance he on
order head whose others
thermal insulation materials
polystyrene concrete is very technological
Excellent sawn driver piece rabitz having
low volumetric weight is sufficient
strength compared to other
of the material
polystyrene concrete is not nutritious
medium for microorganisms and fungi
it is not subject to decay ecologically
is safe
the main qualities of polystyrene concrete
is its low thermal conductivity and
high frost resistance more than 100 cycles
making it almost indispensable
material for both cottage and
monolithic construction with more
wide range of applications and
much better characteristics
polystyrene concrete became serious
alternative to foam concrete and aerated concrete
manufacturing firm spring based
patented manufacturing method
environmentally friendly polystyrene concrete
developed a building construction system
using polystyrene concrete fixed
block formwork this product is intended
be permanent formwork
to form a supporting structure
buildings and at the same time be
insulation fixed block formwork
is a polystyrene concrete
unit for brand density 400
a width of 80 centimeters in length
40 centimeters and a height of 25 cm
This unit has horizontal and
vertical samples internal under
pouring concrete to form bearing
building construction and exterior backfill
in the process of building a wall
insulation further
polystyrene concrete not removable block
formwork will be called block formwork
the size of the tent block is selected based on
the following parameters the first weight is 18-20
kilogram second calculated value
heat transfer resistance 382 at
standard 2 and 8 3
optimum size molded by concrete
supporting building structure allowing
when applying various grades of concrete and
fittings have a raised floor and
fourth combination with floor slabs
in height are developed ordinary beams at
lava and dead - end block formwork as well
partition and insulation plates